c:\users\magdaleno_mtz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\obj\Debug\primera_aplicacion.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\magdaleno_mtz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\primera_aplicacion.dll
c:\users\magdaleno_mtz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\primera_aplicacion.pdb
c:\users\magdaleno_mtz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\magdaleno_mtz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\magdaleno_mtz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\magdaleno_mtz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\magdaleno_mtz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\magdaleno_mtz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\magdaleno_mtz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\magdaleno_mtz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\magdaleno_mtz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\magdaleno_mtz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\magdaleno_mtz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\magdaleno_mtz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\magdaleno_mtz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\magdaleno_mtz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\magdaleno_mtz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\magdaleno_mtz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\magdaleno_mtz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\magdaleno_mtz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\magdaleno_mtz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\magdaleno_mtz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\magdaleno_mtz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\magdaleno_mtz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\obj\Debug\primera_aplicacion.dll
c:\users\magdaleno_mtz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\obj\Debug\primera_aplicacion.pdb
C:\Users\karime\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\primera_aplicacion.dll
C:\Users\karime\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\primera_aplicacion.pdb
C:\Users\karime\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\karime\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\karime\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\karime\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\karime\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\karime\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\karime\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\karime\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\karime\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\karime\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\karime\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\karime\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\karime\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\karime\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\karime\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\karime\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\karime\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\karime\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\karime\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\karime\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\karime\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\karime\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\obj\Debug\primera_aplicacion.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\karime\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\obj\Debug\primera_aplicacion.dll
C:\Users\karime\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\primera_aplicacion\primera_aplicacion\obj\Debug\primera_aplicacion.pdb
